KNOWN BUGS
------------------

  Terminal wrap width isn't working. Output is full width.


CURRENT TODOS
------------------

User-defined Actions
  Bind control keys to execute code/macros.

BBoard
  Navigation icons (back, reload)
  +bbpost front-end


FUTURE IDEAS
------------------

Client-side Execution
  Allow server to request client to execute javascript string
  jsonapi/exec <shortid>=<return string>

Server Proxy
  Stand-alone server that can relay SSL and WS connections to telnet servers

Routing API
  Server controlled routing API to display static content
  Respond to JSON events to open windows and edit content
  Softcode utilities to manipulate the display content

Ace Editor
  Design custom light/dark themes.
  Fix up the mushcode syntax mode.
  Add a toolbar?
  Auto-completion

Phaser
  Generate generic 2d tilemap for rooms.
  Auto-place exits.
  Start with generic player/object avatars.
  Eventually load custom graphics for room tilemaps and players/objects.
  Click navigation and interaction.


ALREADY DONE
------------------

Sidebar
  Configurable docked panel to show ferquently updated information.
  Show basic information about the room (contents, players, exits).
  Update online friends list.

Command History
  Show command history popover.
  Click to roll the input buffer back to that line.
  Fix input focus after click.
  Save/reload command history using localStorage.

JSONAPI
  EXEC Execute arbitrary softcode as the player. Use a unique key to set an
       event for the return value.
  PMATCH Validate player name matching (for mail sending).

Activity Notification
  Fix activity bubble to hide/unhide properly.

Mailbox
  Use a terminal emulator instead of <pre> tags for the message body.
  Use an ace editor in the @mail composer.

Color Picker
  Custom color picker with ANSI color grid 8 rows, 34 cols

Taskbar
  Reorganize how windows are spawned and kept track of.
  Reorganize commands, icons and popovers for customization later.

User-defined Actions
  Allow reordering of the lists.
  Modify taskbar buttons.
  Macros execute a block of commands at once, with some string insertion tokens.
  Match incoming lines against wildcard/regexp and execute code/macros.
  Setup automatic timers to execute code/macros.

Settings
  Backup/restore localStorage configs to file
  Server host, port, and SSL.
  Font size and family

Spawn windows
  Spawn output window for triggered text
  Activity badge on updates
  Command window with custom chat prefix (so you don't have to type +p, etc)

History Buffer
  Save to localStorage and restore on load
  Add configurable buffer sizes to Settings
  Buffers output for main terminal and spawns

SavedTemplates
  Saved versions of actions that can be easily cloned.

Input
  History up/down icons

Icons
  Game-Icons.net font
  Google Material Icons font
  See /icons.html for a complete list of over 4400 icons



